
Task1
    The first link should be linked to a page 
    called whales.html, which is in the same 
    directory as the current page.
    
    We'd also like you to give it a tooltip 
    when moused over that tells the user that 
    the page includes information on Blue Whales 
    and Sperm Whales.
    
    The second link should be turned into a link 
    you can click to open up an email in the 
    user's default mail application, with the 
    recipient set as "whales@example.com".
    
    You'll get a bonus point if you also set it 
    so that the subject line of the email is 
    automatically filled in as "Question about 
    Whales".

task2
    In this task, we want you to fill in the four 
    links so that they link to the appropriate 
    places:

    The first link should link to an image called 
    blue-whale.jpg, which is located in a directory 
    called blue inside the current directory.
    
    The second link should link to an image called 
    narwhal.jpg, which is located in a directory 
    called narwhal, which is located one directory 
    level above the current directory.
    
    The third link should link to the UK Google Image 
    search. The base URL is https://www.google.co.uk, 
    and the image search is located in a subdirectory 
    called imghp.
    
    The fourth link should link to the paragraph at 
    the very bottom of the current page. It has an 
    ID of bottom.
    
    NOTE: The first three links in the example have 
    the target="_blank" attribute set on them, so that 
    when you click on them, they open the linked page 
    in a new tab. This is not strictly best practice, 
    but we've done it here so that the pages don't open 
    in the embedded <iframe>, getting rid of your 
    example code in the process!

Task3
    The following links link to an info page about 
    Narwhals, a support email address, and a PDF 
    factfile that is 4MB in size. In this task, 
    we want you to:

    Take the existing paragraphs with poorly-written 
    link text, and rewrite them so that they have 
    good link text.
    
    Add a warning to any links that need a warning 
    added.


